docs: OPS-4863 (#3523)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/byoos/capi-image-builder/capi-image-builder.md

---
sidebar_label: "CAPI Image Builder"
title: "CAPI Image Builder"
description: "Learn how to use the CAPI Image Builder project to create images for Palette and VerteX."
icon: ""
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 0
tags: ["operating system", "byoos", "capi iamge builder"]
---

The CAPI Image Builder is a tool we developed and maintain to reduce the challenges associated with creating images for
Kubernetes clusters. It is based on the upstream
[Kubernetes Image Builder (KIB)](https://image-builder.sigs.k8s.io/introduction.html) project.

The tool includes all the dependencies required to build FIPS and non-FIPS images within a Docker container, eliminating

> the need to install any dependencies on your local machine. This is particularly useful when working in air-gapped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the need to install any dependencies on your local machine. This is particularly useful when working in airgapped
```

We use airgap as a single word. I used to write like this when i didn't know but we've gone and corrected all of them

Reviewer 2: Omg, I looked at our word list and still wrote it wrong 😶‍🌫️
